improve docs (#39)
carvel-dev/imgpkg: docs/resources.md

## Resources

## Image

> OCI image is an artifact that lives within an OCI registry (like DockerHub). It can contain arbitrary number of files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An OCI image is an artifact that lives within an OCI registry (such as DockerHub). It can contain an arbitrary number of files.
```

---
## Bundle

> Bundle is an OCI image that holds 0+ arbitrary files _and_ 0+ references to dependent OCI images. By tracking dependent images imgpkg can copy bundles across registries.

Reviewer: This sounds excellent! Great description, concise and accurate.

```suggestion
A bundle is an OCI image that holds 0+ arbitrary files _and_ 0+ references to dependent OCI images. By tracking dependent images, imgpkg can copy bundles across registries.
```

> Referenced images are stored within [`.imgpkg` directory](#imgpkg-directory) at the root level of the bundle image. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Referenced images are stored within the [`.imgpkg` directory](#imgpkg-directory) at the root level of the bundle image. 
```

![Bundle diagram](images/bundle-diagram.png)

Implementation note: A bundle OCI image has the `dev.carvel.imgpkg.bundle` [label](https://docs.docker.com/config/labels-custom-metadata/) set.

---
## `.imgpkg` directory

> `.imgpkg` directory contains metadata files describing bundle:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The required `.imgpkg` directory contains metadata files describing the bundle:
```

Author: in this scope there is no notion of required or not. we are just describing .imgpkg on its own. in a context of a bundle .imgpkg is required.

> - `images.yml` (required) file contains [ImagesLock configuration](#imageslock-configuration) that describes 0+ dependent OCI images. Consumers of bundles can conveniently rely on this file being always present.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `images.yml` (required) contains [ImagesLock configuration](#imageslock-configuration) that describes 0+ dependent OCI images. Consumers of bundles can rely on this file being always present.
```

> - `bundle.yml` (optional) file contains [Bundle configuration](#bundle-configuration) that contains details about bundle authors, associated websites, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bundle.yml` (optional) contains [Bundle configuration](#bundle-configuration) details about authors, associated websites, etc.
```

Author: in "contains Bundle configuration details about authors", "Bundle configuration" is a standalone term. it doesnt contain "configuration details".

Restrictions for location of `.imgpkg` directory:

> - Only one `.imgpkg` directory is allowed across all directories provided via `-f` to `push` command. This restriction ensures there is a single source of bundle metadata and referenced images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Only one `.imgpkg` directory is allowed across all directories provided via `-f` to the `push` command. This restriction ensures there is a single source of bundle metadata and referenced images.
```

> - The `.imgpkg` directory must be a direct child of one of the input directories. This prevents any confusion around the scope that the `.imgpkg` metadata applies to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `.imgpkg` directory must be a direct child of one of the input directories. This prevents any confusion around the scope of the `.imgpkg` metadata.
```

---
## Bundle configuration

Used by bundle creators to store general information about the bundle. Stored in `.imgpkg/bundle.yml`.

Example:

```yaml
apiVersion: imgpkg.carvel.dev/v1alpha1
kind: Bundle
metadata:
  name: my-bundle
authors:
- name: Full Name
  email: name@example.com
websites:
- url: example.com
```

- `authors` (array of structs; optional)
  - `name` (string) Author name
  - `email` (string) Author email
- `websites` (array of structs; optional)
  - `url` (string) Related website URL

---
## ImagesLock configuration

> An ImagesLock configuration is used to track collection of image references. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An ImagesLock configuration is used to track a collection of image references. 
```

> Bundle's `.imgpkg/images.yml` contains ImagesLock configuration. That's how bundle knows which OCI images it references. When copying a bundle `imgpkg` uses this configuration to know which images to copy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A bundle's ImagesLock configuration is found in `.imgpkg/images.yml`. This ImagesLock is how a bundle knows which OCI images it references, and when copying, `imgpkg` uses this configuration to know which images to copy.
```

> Can be conveninently generated with [kbld](get-kbld.io):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can be conveniently generated with [kbld](get-kbld.io):
```

```bash
$ kbld -f config.yml --imgpkg-lock-output .imgpkg/images.yml
```

Example:

```yaml
apiVersion: imgpkg.carvel.dev/v1alpha1
kind: ImagesLock
spec:
  images:
  - image: docker.io/user1/my-app@sha256:42462d0cb227497976754bb67348bdd7471c7bd159819d6bd63fdf479eb7eb19
    annotaions:
      kbld.carvel.dev/id: "my-app:v1"
  - image: gcr.io/projectX/controller@sha256:6ecba6f14373a449f8d54fa4286f57fb8ef37c4ffa637969551f2fda52672206
```

- `spec` (struct)
  - `images` (array of images): 0+ images
    - `image` (string; required) digest reference to OCI image (tag references are not allowed)

>     - `annotations` (map[string]string; optional) arbitrary additional data about image reference. Expected to be used by tools that create or read ImagesLock configuration. Example: [kbld](get-kbld.io) uses annotations to store identifier that tells can later tell it which location within Kubernetes configuration to update with digest reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `annotations` (map[string]string; optional) arbitrary additional data about image reference. Expected to be used by tools that create or read ImagesLock configuration. Example: [kbld](get-kbld.io) uses annotations to store an identifier that can later tell it which location(s) within a Kubernetes configuration to update with the digest reference.
```

Advanced non-bundle use: See [copying via lock files](commands.md#copying-via-lock-files).

---
## BundleLock configuration

Stores a digest reference to a bundle (as well as the tag it was pushed with).

> This configuration is generated by `--lock-output` flag in `push` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This configuration is generated by the `--lock-output` flag during a `push` command.
```
